very good to everyone but if I'm with
a brutal failure that has happened to me now
same in the fifa 14 of android
I was also comparing things about
to the fifa
fifa 15
i
very well is the play the play is that
the receive between ma
they steal the ball for two fix is ​​what
that is the defensive line I realized
when I'm going to say the names but it's
there
efe
until there we are that that is the player
that is behind the lateral one and that
is the other central
and there it is
I do not know who is Marcelo
so
the skin of benzema is worth
receive to see who is the 24 of presentation
mitchell
OK
which leads them to have
he takes it there there is a possible lack
give him the advantage
michelle who does it very well he spends his time
jonas
and we will see second
the jonas will now receive those of the
lack
what are you told
Let's see
right now saber
directly to the fault because if it
I remove now
we are going to miss it and they take it out
red cards guarantee that it does not have
absolutely nothing to see
if I'm looking here because it gives a little
I see
they guarantee nowhere
but the subject
to not have nothing to do
so much that neither participates in the play
and then marcelo
he who is 15 is carvajal
neither is there nor there
they have to be that day
that you do not see what he'll say he's wearing the 6
then I will see a second forgive
but there are 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 and 10
and there are 10 players
and I'm off when with players
you will say maybe you are driven but not
because it just came out if you look and
another extension by in the red video
up ballan what is this lack
up there you see good red
so I was a bit strange
why
very strange I will tell again but
come on there are 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 we close 9
and this here 10 the delivery already with 10
players
because this repetition of the plays
previous
and it comes out that I get expelled when andrew
absolutely nothing to see
the lack as I have seen, I have done
bouquets
but good are things that have to
improve respect
to fifa 15 and how are you doing?
at once as you see now
the lack of the same site
there you see where the gas just
to be now
it's a little
I miss this
and good as you see the red now so
nothing to comment and tell me what happened
what do you think happens here that is not very
normal until next time and we'll go up
videos of
fifa 15 and others